README.md, before:

# README #

starter project project

### Quick summary: ###

Project is already configured for development and production use (server-sider rendering).
Server-Side configuration doesn't minify code and also produces source-maps so it is possible to debug server-side
rendering with Chrome-Node Dev-Tools.

Run the project:
1. npm install / yarn - install dependencies
2. npm run dev - start in development mode
3. npm run production - build project and run it on node server,
4. npm run debug-ssr - run (builded) project with chrome-dev-tools debugging option

### Technology stack: ###
* Yarn for managing dependencies
* React
* React-Router v4 (if there happens to be a problem, possible downgrade)
* Redux with redux-logger
* Webpack | WebpackDevServer | HotModuleReplacements
* HtmlWebpackPlugin for automated generating of HTML and hashing resources
* Express and EJS templates for server-side rendering 
* styled-jsx-postcss together with 'precss' plugin and 'autoprefixer'
* babel
    * babel-runtime and babel-plugin-transform-runtime (instead of polyfill)
    * preset env | stage-0
    * class and for attributes in jsx
    * should support latest EcmaScript features
* eslint - create-react-app config extension
* flow integration

Commit message:

* fixed webpack configuration, no duplicated files * single dist folder for production build

README.md, after:

# README #

starter project project

### Quick summary: ###

Project is already configured for development and production use (server-sider rendering).
It is possible to debug server-side rendering and production build by uncommenting `devtool` in
webpack configuration (Chrome-Node Dev-Tools).

Run the project:
1. `npm install` / `yarn` - install dependencies
2. `npm run dev` - start in development mode
3. `npm run production` - build project to /dist directory and run it on node server,
4. `npm run debug-ssr` - run (builded) project with chrome-dev-tools debugging option

### Technology stack: ###
* Yarn for managing dependencies
* React
* React-Router v4 (if there happens to be a problem, possible downgrade)
* Redux with redux-logger
* Webpack | WebpackDevServer | HotModuleReplacements
* HtmlWebpackPlugin for automated generating of HTML and hashing resources
* Express and EJS templates for server-side rendering 
* styled-jsx-postcss together with 'precss' plugin and 'autoprefixer'
* babel
    * babel-runtime and babel-plugin-transform-runtime (instead of polyfill)
    * preset env | stage-0
    * class and for attributes in jsx
    * should support latest EcmaScript features
* eslint - create-react-app config extension
* flow integration
